adding CMEK info (#327)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security.adoc

* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 (RFC5289)`
* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256 (RFC7905)`
* `TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 (RFC5288)`

== Customer managed key

label:AuraDB-Enterprise[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]
label:beta[]

[CAUTION]
====

This feature has been released as a public GA for AuraDB Enterprise and AuraDS Enterprise for AWS managed keys. 
GCP's Cloud Key Management is now in public beta, contact Aura Support to join.
Support for Azure's Key Vault is coming soon.
====

For more control over key operations than the standard Neo4j encryption, use a customer managed key (CMK).
Create and manage keys using a supported cloud key management service (KMS). 

Externally, customer managed keys are also known as customer managed encryption keys (CMEK).

> When using a customer managed key, all data at rest is encrypted with the key. 

Author: Finding out!

You give Aura permission to encrypt and decrypt using the key, but Aura has no access to the key's material. 
Aura has no control over the availability of your externally managed key in the KMS. 
If you lose keys that are managed outside of Aura, Aura can't recover your data.

[WARNING]
====
The loss of a customer managed key, through deletion, disabling, or expiration, renders all data encrypted with that key unrecoverable.
Neo4j cannot administer database instances when keys are disabled, deleted or permissions revoked. 
====

There is a limit of one key for AuraDB and one key for AuraDS per region.
Depending on the KMS, there may be a delay between disabling a key, and when it can no longer be used to encrypt and decrypt data.

=== AWS key

* Create a key in the AWS KMS ensuring the region matches your Aura database instance. Copy the generated ARN. You need it in the next step. 
* Go to *security settings* in the Aura Console, create a *customer managed key* and copy the generated JSON code.

> * In the AWS KMS, edit the key policy to include the JSON code. 

Author: I added more info re: JSON generated in the Aura Console

==== Editing the key policy

After you have initially created a key in the AWS KMS, you can edit the key policy.
In the AWS key policy, "Statement" is an array that consists of one or more objects. 
Each object in the array describes a security identifier (SID).
The objects in the AWS code array are comma-separated, e.g. `{[{'a'}, {'b'}, {'c'}]}`

Add a comma after the curly brace in the final SID, and then paste the JSON code that was generated in the Aura Console, e.g. `{[{'a'}, {'b'}, {'c'}, _add code here_]}`

=== Regionality

When creating a customer managed key in the AWS KMS, you can create a single-region key in a single AWS region, or create a multi-region key that you can replicate into multiple AWS regions.
Aura only supports AWS customer managed keys that reside in the same region as the instance. 

[CAUTION]
====
In Aura, you can use AWS single-region keys, multi-region keys or replica keys as long as the key resides in the same region as the Aura instace.
====

=== Key rotation

In your KMS platform, you can either configure automatic rotation for the customer managed key, or you can perform a manual rotation.

> Although automatic rotation is not enforced by Aura, it is best practice to rotate keys regularly. We do not recommend manual key rotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although automatic rotation is not enforced by Aura, it is best practice to rotate keys regularly. 
Manual key rotation is **not** recommended.
```

==== AWS automatic key rotation

Aura supports automatic key rotation via the AWS KMS. 
To enable automatic key rotation in the AWS KMS, tick the *Key rotation* checkbox after initially creating a key, to automatically rotate the key once a year.

=== Deleting a key

> In the Aura Console, if a customer managed key is being used to encrypt one or more Aura instances, it cannot be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Aura Console, if a customer-managed key is being used to encrypt one or more Aura instances, it cannot be deleted.
```

> To delete a customer managed key in the Aura Console, first delete the Aura database instances encrypted with the key, then delete the customer managed key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a customer-managed key in the Aura Console, first delete the Aura database instances encrypted with the key, then delete the customer-managed key.
```

* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 (RFC5289)`
* `TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256 (RFC7905)`
* `TLS_DHE_RSA_WITH_AES_256_GCM_SHA384 (RFC5288)`

> == Customer managed keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Customer-managed keys
```

I _think_ this should have a hyphen in it. See for example:

- https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/cmek
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/fundamentals/key-management
- https://www.databricks.com/trust/security-features/data-protection-with-customer-managed-keys

Author: Went with AWS's "customer managed keys" spelling, and looked better to me without a hyphen

label:AuraDB-Enterprise[]
label:AuraDS-Enterprise[]
label:beta[]

[CAUTION]
====

This feature has been released as a public GA for AuraDB Enterprise and AuraDS Enterprise for AWS managed keys. 
GCP's Cloud Key Management is in public beta, and support for Azure's Key Vault is coming soon.
====

> For more control over key operations than the standard Neo4j encryption, use customer-managed keys. 

Reviewer 2: If you're going without the hyphen, you should change this too.

Author: Thank you! Well spotted

These keys are created and managed using a supported Cloud Key Management Service provider. 
When using a customer managed key, all data at rest is encrypted with the key.

[WARNING]
====
Deleting a key makes all data encrypted under that key unrecoverable.

> Neo4j cannot administer instances when keys are disabled, deleted or permissions revoked. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Neo4j cannot administer instances when keys are disabled or deleted, or when permissions are revoked. 
```

====

> Please note that within Aura there is a limit to one key for AuraDB and one key for AuraDS per region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a limit of one key for AuraDB and one key for AuraDS per region.
```
